feat(docs): add faq about non-UI thread use case (#130)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-android-sdk: README.md

---

> ## FAQ
> 
> > How can I obtain captcha token in a non-UI thread?
> 
> There is no possibility to obtain tokens from the non-UI thread.
> 
> The reason is the SDK depends on WebView which is a UI component and it cannot be instantiated in the non-UI thread. So SDK has to request an `Activity` instance for this anyway.
> 
> Possible workaround: the SDK provides a completely “silent” (invisible to the end-user) token obtain mechanism with `hideDialog=true` config + “passive” site key. But it still has to be called from UI Thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ

> Can I get a token in a non-UI thread?

No: the SDK depends on WebView, which is a UI component and cannot be instantiated in a non-UI thread.

However, the SDK provides a completely silent (invisible to the end-user) mechanism with `hideDialog=true` config + "passive" site key (this is an Enterprise feature). But note that the token request still has to be called from the UI Thread.
```
